documentation: improve local development setup documentation (#733)
manytask/manytask: docs/local_development.md

# Local Development with Docker

This guide will help you set up and run Manytask locally using Docker Compose.

## Prerequisites

- Docker and Docker Compose installed
- Git installed

> - Access to GitLab instance (request from [@artemzhmurov](https://t.me/artemzhmurov))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Access to GitLab instance (for access to our development instance, please contact [@artemzhmurov](https://t.me/artemzhmurov))
```

   ```

2. Update your user to be an instance admin:

   ```sql
   UPDATE users
   SET is_instance_admin = TRUE
   WHERE username = 'your-gitlab-username';
   ```

   You should see: `UPDATE 1`

3. Exit the database:
   ```sql
   \q
   ```

### Step 7: Create a Course

1. Prepare the course configuration:

   - Make sure you have a `.manytask.example.yml` file in the project root
   - Note your course token (you'll set it when creating the course)

2. Create the course using the API:

   ```bash
   curl --fail -X POST \
     -H "Authorization: Bearer <COURSE_TOKEN>" \
     -H "Content-type: application/x-yaml" \
     --data-binary "@.manytask.example.yml" \
     "http://localhost:8081/api/<COURSE_NAME>/update_config"
   ```

   Replace:

   - `<COURSE_TOKEN>` - with your course token
   - `<COURSE_NAME>` - with your course name (e.g., `test_course_2024`)

   > **Note**: You can also use the example from [curl_for_create_course.example](../curl_for_create_course.example)

### Step 8: Activate the Course

1. Connect to the database again:

   ```bash
   docker exec -it manytask_postgres psql -U postgres -d manytask
   ```

> 2. Update the course status:

Reviewer: You can do this 
1. From admin page in Manytask via "Edit course" button.
2. From .manytask.yml file
